# Community-Simulator
The community simulator is an application that creates a three demensional enviroment for blueprints. This will allow people to see what a therotical blueprint will look like in a scaled enviroment. This app will also allow people to see how certian size piece of furniture and or objects will look inside the house/building.The online application will also have to potential to be used when buying a piece of furniture to allow people to see if it would fit in certain areas of a house/room such as an office floor. THe user will be able to make a single room or an entire building, then they could go to a furniture store get measurments of certian pieces of furniture to determine the best ways to setup and office or design a house in a pleasing way. Aside from the potiental designer use, a home buyer that wants to build a new home, may want to see a visual component from there architect in order to fully understand what the building will look like. This would most likely be used by the architect and shown to the consumer as a tool to pitch a concept. This can also be used by architects that want to pitch larger scale projects such as a housing development, or appartment complex. 

There will be four main components of teh project. First a settings menu to allow full control over how the application runs on your device.The second is a 3D editor to create the buleprint/building that is still a concept. Third is an online component to allow designers to post concept ideas that people can use, or to promote their ideas so people may contact them for future projects. Last is the 2D design portion so that the base blueprint is stored and can be refrenced later.


How to use the application.
THe user will click the icon to start the game. The the button to go to 3d edit mode will take the user to a new scene where the user is able to use a variety of buttons to create a virtual room. The main menu also has a settings tab for resolution control. The exit button closes the application.

In the 3d edit scene the user can click the 1x1 or 2x2 to create blocks to place. THe wallcreation buton enables the mouse to click to create walls. The destruction button enables the mouse to delete blocks with a mouse click. The input text field are the demenions of the base grid spawned in. The exit button takes you to the main menu. The topdown button makes the camera have a topdown view for the user. The first peron button puts the user into a first person camera. The uitoggle button toggles on and off the ui for the user.Pressinf the t key hides/unhides the tutorial text box. The escape key takes the person out of first person. The p key pauses the game when not in first peron. The q key opens a menu for first person.


https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/communitysimulator-5c6c40d7f309732dfc9fa9db/boards?repos=169507147
